Eager Rouge Duck

Medium

# Front-running Attack Possible in `VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()` Function.

### Summary

The `VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()` function does not verify the authority of the `msg.sender` and only checks the validity of the signature. This allows an attacker to front-run legitimate users’ claims by submitting a transaction with the same signature and receiving the tokens intended for the legitimate user.

### Root Cause

- The [VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol#L106) function validates the signature but does not verify that the `msg.sender` is the intended recipient of the claim. The function transfers tokens to `msg.sender` based solely on the signature:
```solidity
    function claim(ClaimParams memory _params) public {
        ------ SKIP ------

@>      if (!_isSignatureValid(_params)) {
            revert InvalidSignature();
        }

        // update nonce
        nonces[_params.kycAddress] = _params.nonce;

        // define token to transfer
        IERC20 projectToken = IERC20(_params.projectTokenAddress);

        // transfer tokens from each wallet to the caller
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _params.projectTokenProxyWallets.length; i++) {
            projectToken.safeTransferFrom(
                _params.projectTokenProxyWallets[i],
@>              msg.sender,
                _params.tokenAmountsToClaim[i]
            );
        }

        ------ SKIP ------
    }
```
As shown above, the transfer is made to `msg.sender` without verifying that the caller is the intended recipient.


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A legitimate user submits a claim transaction to the `VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()` function with a valid signature.
2. An attacker spots the transaction in the mempool and submits a front-running transaction with the same signature, paying a higher gas fee.
3. The attacker’s transaction passes the signature check, and the tokens are transferred to the attacker (`msg.sender`), not the legitimate user.


### Impact

Loss of funds because attacker can steal the legitimate user's project tokens by front-running their claim.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

It is recommended to add `msg.sender` into the signature or transfer the project tokens to `_params.kycAddress` instead of `msg.sender`.
