Delightful Oily Wombat

High

# Attacker Will Steal Tokens by Front-Running Legitimate Claim Transactions

### Summary

The `VVVVCTokenDistributor` contract contains a potential front-running vulnerability in the `claim()` function. This vulnerability arises due to the lack of validation on the `msg.sender`, allowing unauthorized addresses to front-run legitimate claims and potentially steal tokens.



### Root Cause

The `claim()` function allows any address to submit a claim for tokens without verifying if `msg.sender` is the intended recipient or an authorized alias. This can be exploited by an attacker who observes a pending transaction in the mempool and submits the same transaction with a higher gas price, effectively front-running the original transaction.

```solidity
    function claim(ClaimParams memory _params) public {
        .
        .
        .
        // define token to transfer
        IERC20 projectToken = IERC20(_params.projectTokenAddress);

        // transfer tokens from each wallet to the caller
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _params.projectTokenProxyWallets.length; i++) {
@>          projectToken.safeTransferFrom(
                _params.projectTokenProxyWallets[i],
                msg.sender,
                _params.tokenAmountsToClaim[i]
            );
        }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/1791f41b310489aaa66de349ef1b9e4bd331f14b/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol#L106-L136


### Internal pre-conditions

1. Alias of a KYC address should execute `claim()` with claim parameters and signature 

### External pre-conditions

1. off-chain system should generate claim parameters and signature

### Attack Path

1. Attacker observes pending transactions in the mempool and submits the same transaction with a higher gas price
2. Since there is no validation on `msg.sender` the signature validation check got passed and the claim token will transfer to attackers address

### Impact

- Unauthorized addresses can claim tokens meant for legitimate users.
- Users' funds can be stolen if their transactions are front-run.

### PoC

1. Alice prepares a transaction to call the `claim()` function with her `ClaimParams`, which includes her kycAddress, token details, nonce, and a valid signature.
2. Alice submits her transaction to the Ethereum network. This transaction is now pending in the mempool.
3. Bob, the attacker, monitors the mempool for transactions to the `VVVVCTokenDistributor` contract.
4. Bob detects Alice's transaction in the mempool. He can see all the transaction details, including the ClaimParams and the signature.
5. Bob quickly creates a new transaction with the same ClaimParams as Alice's transaction.
6. Bob sets a higher gas price for his transaction to incentivize miners to prioritize it over Alice's transaction.
7. Due to the higher gas price, Bob's transaction is mined before Alice's transaction.
8. The contract processes Bob's claim, transferring the tokens to Bob instead of Alice.

### Mitigation

Ensure that `msg.sender` matches the kycAddress or is a verified alias. 