Rare Taffy Bear

High

# ``VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()` can be front-run by attacker to steal user's fund

### Summary

The `claim()` is vulnerable to front-running attacks, leading to lose token and failed transactions for legitimate users.

### Root Cause

The `VVVVCTokenDistributor::claim()` transfers the `projectToken` to `msg.sender` after necessary check which can be problematic, as attacker can copy the user provided `ClaimParams` and submit it with higher gas price. Additionally, `claim()` does not check if the caller (`msg.sender`) associated with the `kycAddress` provided in the `ClaimParams`.

**Code Reference:**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol#L130-L136

```solidity

// transfer tokens from each wallet to the caller
for (uint256 i = 0; i < _params.projectTokenProxyWallets.length; i++) {
	projectToken.safeTransferFrom(
		_params.projectTokenProxyWallets[i],
		msg.sender,
		_params.tokenAmountsToClaim[i]
	);
}
```

In the above code, tokens are transferred to `msg.sender`, allowing an attacker to front-runs claims.

### Internal pre-conditions

The `signer` provides a valid signature for the legitimate user's claim.
2. The user's claim has a valid nonce and deadline.
3. The user's claim transaction is submitted to the public mempool.


### External pre-conditions

1. Attackers have access to the public mempool

### Attack Path

1. Alice (A legitimate user) submits a `claim()` transaction with valid `ClaimParams`, including a valid signature and nonce.
2. Bob (The attacker) scans the mempool for transactions targeting the `claim()` function.
3. Bob extracts the `ClaimParams` from the pending transaction including the signature.
4. Bob submits the modified claim transaction with a higher gas fee, ensuring it is mined before the Alice’s transaction.
5. Bob successfully steals the Alice's tokens to their own wallet, because there is no check that `msg.sender` is associated with the `kycAddress`.
6. Alice's transaction will revert.

### Impact

Legitimate user will lose their claimable funds.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Transfer funds to `kycaddress` instead of `msg.sender`. 