Wild Tan Guppy

High

# `VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol::claim()` Function Vulnerable to Front-Running Attack

### Summary

The `claim()` function in `VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol` is vulnerable to front-running attacks, allowing an attacker to steal the entire claimable amount. When a KYC-verified address (kycAddress) submits the `claim()` function with `_params`, an attacker can intercept and front-run the transaction by submitting the same `_params` before the legitimate user. This results in the rewards being sent to the attacker's address (`msg.sender`) instead of the intended kycAddress.

### Root Cause

The `_isSignatureValid()` function in `VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol` validates signatures based only on `_params` and does not account for `msg.sender`. Consequently, the rewards are sent to the caller's address (`msg.sender`) instead of the `kycAddress`. This allows attackers to exploit the function by front-running the original user.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Investors have deposited tokens into the system.
2. signer generates a valid signature for the claim.
3. investor invokes the `claim()` function to withdraw their rewards.

### External pre-conditions

1. An attacker observes the `_params` in a pending transaction on the network.
2. The attacker front-runs the legitimate user by submitting the `claim()` function with identical `_params`.

### Attack Path

1. A legitimate user initiates a `claim()` function call with valid `_params` to claim their rewards.
2. The attacker, monitoring the network, captures the transaction and its `_params`.
3. The attacker front-runs the legitimate user by calling `claim()` with the same `_params`.
4. The smart contract processes the attacker's transaction first, sending the rewards to the attacker's address.

### Impact

The attacker can steal all claimable rewards, causing financial losses to acutal users.

### PoC

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/1791f41b310489aaa66de349ef1b9e4bd331f14b/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol#L106](url)
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/1791f41b310489aaa66de349ef1b9e4bd331f14b/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCTokenDistributor.sol#L133](url)

```javascript
    function claim(ClaimParams memory _params) public {
        . . .
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _params.projectTokenProxyWallets.length; i++) {
            projectToken.safeTransferFrom(
@>              _params.projectTokenProxyWallets[i], msg.sender, _params.tokenAmountsToClaim[i]
            );
        }
        . . .
    }

```

### Mitigation

To prevent front-running, include `msg.sender` in the digest and signature validation process.