Wild Tan Guppy

Medium

# Protocol fee can be avoidable by investing small amount

### Summary

The `invest()` function in `VVVVCInvestmentLedger` allows investors to bypass protocol fees by making multiple small investments within the valid time interval. Instead of making a single large investment, investors can repeatedly call the `invest()` function with amounts whose USD equivalent is less than `FEE_DENOMINATOR`, effectively avoiding the protocol fee due to the rounding effect in fee calculation.

### Root Cause

1. The invest() function does not restrict the number of calls an investor can make with the same signature.
2. The investmentAmount is not included in the digest or signature validation
3. The fee calculation divides the investmentAmount by `FEE_DENOMINATOR`. For amount less than `FEE_DENOMINATOR` fee will be rounded to 0.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A signer generates a signature for the investor to use for the investment.

### External pre-conditions

1. An investor uses the signature and valid `_params` to call the `invest()` function.

### Attack Path

1. The signer generates a valid signature and `_params` for an investor to make an investment.
2. The investor calls the `invest()` function multiple times with very small amounts, each less than the threshold defined by `FEE_DENOMINATOR`.
3. The protocol fee calculation rounds to zero for these small amounts, allowing the investor to avoid paying fees entirely.

### Impact

Investors can avoid paying protocol fees, which undermines the financial model of the protocol. This behavior breaks a invariant: the expectation that a fee is collected on every investment.

### PoC

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/1791f41b310489aaa66de349ef1b9e4bd331f14b/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCInvestmentLedger.sol#L141](url)
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-11-vvv-exchange-update/blob/1791f41b310489aaa66de349ef1b9e4bd331f14b/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vc/VVVVCInvestmentLedger.sol#L169](url)
```javascript
    function invest(InvestParams memory _params) external {
        . . .
        uint256 postFeeStableAmountEquivalent =
            preFeeStableAmountEquivalent - (preFeeStableAmountEquivalent * _params.feeNumerator) / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
    }
```

### Mitigation

Set a Minimum Investment Threshold